Use newer dockerfile for build (#1580)
newsboat/newsboat: doc/docker.md

    # In the root of Newsboat's repository
    $ docker build \
        --tag=newsboat-build-tools \
        --file=docker/ubuntu_20.10-build-tools.dockerfile \
        docker

> This will use the description from "docker/ubuntu_18.04-build-tools.dockerfile"

Reviewer: This line should be updated as well ;)

> This will use the description from "docker/ubuntu_18.04-build-tools.dockerfile"

Author: ```suggestion
This will use the description from "docker/ubuntu_20.10-build-tools.dockerfile"
```
